😂
F
RIP
SAD!
EPIC
SFYL
BTFO
YEET
YOLO
Baka
NANI?
MEMED
SHREKT
YIKES
CRINGE
It's lit
Sayonara
FATALITY
WITNESSED
Game over
BIG YIKES
It's ogre
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
No refunds!
W A S T E D
Skill issue
fr fr no cap
WAKEY WAKEY!
smh tbh fam😒
C'est la vie
This is fine.
NO PRISONERS!
Ya dun goofed
REEEEEEEEEEEE
JUDGEMENT TIME
Shikata ga nai
Losing is fun!
WITNESS ME!!!!
Meme👏Review👏
The fire rises!
Just be yourself
Inverse yourself
Check your inbox
Shamefur dispray!
Notice me senpai!
gg no re kthx bye
Weird flex but ok
Why did he do it?
♫ What a thrill ♫
My life for Aiur!
epic, simply epic
Exodia OBLITERATE!
1 like = 1 prayer🙏
'Tis but a scratch
Okay, this is epic
AAAAAAND it's gone
It can't be helped
Haha I'm in danger
That's Numberwang!
Life is a bear trap
Based and redpilled
X gon give it to ya
X gon deliver to ya
A real gamer moment
Don't lose your way
Are ya winning, son?
Fuck off, we're full
McDonald's is hiring
I can still fix this
Coffee's for closers
Never go full retard
The struggle is real
His body wasn't ready
When will they learn?
Why do we fall Bruce?
Cringe and bluepilled
What was his problem?
Stop hitting yourself.
For financial freedom!
You find your own tree
He didn't fly so good!
That's a lotta damage!
You have to understand
Flex tape that account
It's just a prank bro!
Do you feel in charge?
Cut my life into pieces
Ante Up! Yap that fool!
Don't quit your day job
"Bitcoin was a mistake"
Press F to pay respects
wtf i hate $SYMBOL now!
I hope they remember you
And he was a good friend
Make trading great again
So you have chosen death.
Did you meant to do that?
Have we started the fire?
Fear is only in our minds
Has trading gone too far?
I bet the whales did this
Whales Gon' Give It To Ya
What did he mean by this?
Winning is too mainstream
I am the bone of my sword
Suffering builds character
Much that once was is lost
Gotta make $HMNY look good
He didn't prepare his body
You activated my trap card
Satoshi didn't die for this
Cancel the lambo pre-orders
Only casuals get liquidated
I'm ready to get hurt again
Fucked around and found out
Congrats on this. Seriously.
I must go. My people need me
"What's in the box?" "Pain."
I live, I die, I live again!
I had to fall to lose it all
Thank you Arthur, very cool!
I am the one who liquidates!
ROW! ROW! / FIGHT THE POWER!
One last trip, to Flavortown
I sawed this account in half!
Wow, what a terrific audience
Another soul has been claimed
'Cause baby you're a firework
Do or do not, there is no try
Hello Darkness, My Old Friend
This isn't even my final form
♫ I want to be a part of it ♫
I don't feel so good Mr Stark
Why can't you just be normal?
He couldn't protect that smile
Stop! Stop! He's already dead!
Jesus Christ it's Jason Bourne
You're Gonna Carry That Weight
Directed by M. Night Shyamalan
Look how they massacred my boy
This liquidation is transitory.
Psych! That's the wrong number!
The greatest transfer of wealth
They vaccinated this one twice!
Alright then, keep your secrets
I also like to live dangerously
Trust nobody, not even yourself
He thinks he's about to make it
Has cyberbullying gone too far?
Attack his life points directly!
Should have bought $ROPE instead
♫ How could this happen to me? ♫
It was revealed to me in a dream
Remember me as I was not as I am
This isn't even 2% of my account
I can't believe you've done this
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
You're not even close to baseline
The Market Maker sends his regards
"git gud or die tryin'" - Socrates
Don't cry for me, I'm already dead
Pssh... Nothin Personnel... Kid...
What a terrible day to be literate.
Oh boy, here I go liquidating again
The falcon cannot hear the falconer
Your punishment must be more severe
Is it possible to learn this power?
First they came for the bad traders
Not like this ... not like this ...
Consequences will never be the same
But that was when I ruled the world
Someone get this hothead outta here!
Don't hate the player, hate the game
Congratulations, you played yourself
I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!
Outta luck, outta time, outta margin
Shhhh no more tears, only dreams now
You traded in the wrong neighborhood
There must be more to life than this
Bad things happen to bad traders too!
FUCK YOU DOLPHIN!!! FUCK YOU WHALE!!!
You're going to need a bigger account
You've advanced a new level in Losses
This is going in my cringe compilation
I'm going to pretend I didn't see that
Does this look like the face of mercy?
You'll ride eternal, shiny and chrome!
Where we're going, we don't need stops
When you get PK'd in the Mexican casino
Was being liquidated part of your plan?
Crashing this plane, WITH NO SURVIVORS!
What are you going to do? Liquidate me?
Show me on this doll where they hurt you
If you ain't whale, you're little people
"Just fuck my shit up" "Say no more fam"
My ancestors are smiling at me Imperials
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer.
How could the market manipulators do this
You Get Nothing! You Lose! Good Day, Sir!
When the MM doesn't respect your safeword
It brings back PTSD from that sand casino
There are no regrets in life, just lessons
Will somebody please think of the children
If only you knew how bad things really are.
It's not a loss if you don't get liquidated
It's over! The whales have the high ground!
Every day we stray further from God's light
I hurt myself today; to see if I still feel
One does not simply move against the market
When you make an absolutely abhorrent trade
Where will you be when liquidation strikes?
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
Only the dead can know peace from this evil.
Sometimes my genius, it's almost frightening
Dread it, run from it, destiny still arrives
You got a boyfriend I bet he doesn't kiss ya!
They expect one of us in the wreckage brother
How can losses be real if Bitcoin isn't real.
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world
Bitmex liquidation engine is your new God now
The WHALE walks into a bar. There's no counter
In time, you will know what it is like to lose
The virgin "trader" vs the Chad "market maker"
How it possible that $SYMBOL moves up AND down?
I didn't choose this trade, this trade chose me
WatchMojo presents: Top 10 saddest anime deaths
You call yourself a trader, you son of a bitch?
Nuke it from orbit, it's the only way to be sure
When you're out of margin who are going to call?
Fly me to the moon / Let me play among the stars
Somebody Once Told Me The World Is Gonna Roll Me
Liquidations will continue until morale improves
Everything changed when the fire nation attacked
When the MM tears you a new asshole #JustMMThings
When you gain a deeper understanding of suffering
Give them nothing, but take from them, EVERYTHING
Now is not the time for fear... That comes later!
Not even the market manipulators can save you now
he actually did it the absolute madman hahahahahah
The only way to fix this is to use higher leverage
When the MM makes you feel like a little girl again
There's nothing more frustrating than starting over
Protip: it really hurts to have to your margin blown
Did you do it? Yes. What did it cost? ... Everything
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take
If you can dodge a liquidation you can dodge anything
You want the position? You can't handle the position!
Jokes on them, I was merely pretending to be retarded.
You won't believe what we found in the suicide forest!
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened
Are you not entertained? Is this not why you are here?
Remember when I promised to liquidate you last? I lied
You exist as we allow it, you will end as we demand it
Of all the flavours in the world you chose liquidation
(Note: Poochie died on the way back to his home planet)
Learn from other people's mistakes, it's less expensive
Pretending to be a good trader is absolutely exhausting
Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration.
Impressive. Very nice. Now let's see Alameda's position.
Believe in something, even if it means losing everything
Confidence born of ignorance, the cycle cannot be broken
Rule #1: Never lose money. Rule #2: Never forget rule #1
Never go against a whale when liquidation is on the line
When a trade makes you pontificate on the meaning of life
When the mark price hits the liquidation price just right
Friendship ended with gains, losses are my new best friend
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain
You either die a hero or live long enough to become a meme
Thank you for assuming the party escort submission position
At least you aren't bagholding that losing position anymore
Before us, you are nothing, your liquidation was inevitable
Gentlemen, it has been a privilege trading with you tonight
The money was not lost, it just belongs to someone else now
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to trade crypto
For what? Liquidate me for what? I thought this was America!
They sent me to liquidation, I sent them to the Shadow Realm
This position does not spark joy for me, so it'll have to go!
Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the universe
The crime is moving against the market, the sentence is death
Why be alive if you don’t even try to do something remarkable?
I'm shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on in here!
You will live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension
I tried so hard, I came so far, in the end it didn't even matter
* (The sudden loss of your margin fills you with DETERMINATION.)
You merely adopted to the ocean, I was born in it, moulded by it
We trade, we degen, we lose it all and we make it all back again
If you liked this losing position so much why don't you marry it?
We built this exchange for a certain kind of person, to hurt them
To feel so desperately that you are right and to fail all the same
His palms sweaty, knees weak, there's vomit on his sweater already
The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
It's not l-like I w-wanted to get l-liquidated or-r anything! Baka!
It was futile to try, the Bitmex liquidation engine cannot overload.
It's a shame that this position won't live but then again whose does?
There's no shame in being wrong, only failing to correct our mistakes
On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone goes to zero
"Whale" a label created by traders to give voice to their destruction
For what is a man, what has he got? / If not himself then he has naught
I used to think that my life was a tragedy. But now I realize it's a comedy.
hide your kids, hide your wife, cause they’re liquidatin’ everybody out here
It was said that the powers of the MM could even save people from liquidation
Liquidate me once, shame on you, liquidate me - you can't get liquidated again.
Hahahah How The Fuck Is Getting Liquidated Possible LMAO Like Just Close The Trade
And on your Facebook memorial page they'll write you died free and happy, I'm sure.
What's the hardest part about holding this position? Telling your parents you're gay
Knock knock, open up the door it's real. With the non-stop pop pop of stainless steel.
Down here salt is a way of life, when you breathe that in you can constantly taste the salt.
I must apologize for this trader, he is an idiot. We have purposely trained him wrong, as a joke.
I'm burning through the sky / Yeah! / Two hundred degrees / That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit
Sal couldn't close his position before he was cleaned for his life savings making him tonight's big loser.
it was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness
His soul blistered by the fires of Hell and tainted beyond ascension, he chose the path of perpetual torment.
The traders are rage, brutal, without mercy. But you, the MM. You will be worse. Rip and tear, until it is done!
When Bitmex sends its traders, they're not sending their best, they’re sending people that have lots of problems
